implemented docker with langchain (#1)
chemmer/langchain-with-docker-demo: ReadMe.md

# Using Langchain with Docker
## Introduction

## Installation instructions
In order to install this repo, you need to have docker installed.

1. Build and run the container
```

> docker compose build --up

Reviewer: This seems to be mixed up. How about additionally detaching (`-d`) from the containers so that you can use the same terminal for pulling llama3?

```suggestion
docker compose up --build -d
```

```

2. Download the models you are interested in. For this demo we chose llama3 for text generation and all-minilm for the embeddings
Docker exec to download model in ollama container 
```
docker exec -it langchainwithdocker-ollama-container-1 ollama pull llama3

> docker exec -it langchainwithdocker-ollama-container-1 ollama pull all-minilm

Reviewer: When cloning from this repo (without renaming it), the root folder is called `langchain-with-docker-demo`. This is what docker compose will use as a prefix for the containers' names.
```suggestion
docker exec -it langchain-with-docker-demo-ollama-container-1 ollama pull llama3
docker exec -it langchain-with-docker-demo-ollama-container-1 ollama pull all-minilm
```

```

3. Change the variables in app.py to your liking

The models you would like to use. Need to be supported by Ollama

- MODEL_NAME_LLM = The text generation model
- MODEL_NAME_RETRIEVER = The embedding model

Specifics about the repository you would like to query.
- REPO_NAME = The repository you would like to clone. If it is private, you would need to add authentication
- APP_DIR = The path to where the libraries that you would like to include in the vector database are
- PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE = Which Programming language the app is written in. Needs to be supported by the tree_sitter Language Parser library

> 

Reviewer: Maybe you could add a fourth step detailing how to follow the logs of the relevant container to see the q&a interaction with the model, e.g. via `docker compose logs langchain-with-docker-demo-langchain-app-1 -f`

Author: I changed it a bit to give the user options, does this work for you?
